[Music]
eight scientifically proven signs you're
much smarter than you think
[Music]
there are lots of common beliefs about
intelligent people they don't give in to
laziness have a perfect memory and don't
use obscenity however research shows
that a high IQ is often associated with
quite unexpected habits and
peculiarities did you know that laziness
is actually a sign of high intelligence
try to find yourself in the following
list and don't miss our little bonus it
might improve your self-esteem and help
you feel much better about yourself who
knows maybe you're hiding genius inside
yourself one you forget about trifles a
perfect memory has always been a sign of
cleverness but the latest research shows
it's forgetfulness that actually points
on a high level of intellect our brain
forgets trifles for two reasons firstly
it helps adapt to new conditions and
secondly getting rid of small things
summarizes information and shows the
full picture don't be mad at yourself
when you've once again forgotten
something unimportant perhaps your brain
has just made space for new ideas
[Music]
- you occasionally swear it turns out
that obscene words in your speech aren't
necessarily indicative of low
intelligence more and more studies prove
that people who swear often have a much
wider vocabulary which is a sign of a
high IQ however of course be mindful of
your speech it's doubtful that excess
use of obscenities will make a good
impression 3 you trust people talented
people are believed not to trust anyone
however scientists prove that
intelligent individuals are more
trusting why they simply see life better
researchers also say those who trust
others have solid nerves and fewer
health problems so Trust isn't just
pleasant but good for your health - for
if you don't like red meat recent polls
at Southampton University have shown a
curious fact people with a higher IQ
prefer poultry meat fish and vegetables
/ red meat however don't be in too much
of a hurry to throw away your steak food
preferences are shaped by various
conditions such as family health faith
and even place of living
[Music]
five you're good at giving ideas it
seems obvious that intelligent people
often invent new things but it's not
exactly so more often than not people
with a high IQ are capable of thinking
up alternative solutions but not using
them in life why well when they try to
bring the idea to life another one is
already in their head drawing all
attention to itself which by the way
proves the next point six you're prone
to be lazy one experiment showed that
people with a high IQ are likely to get
buried in thought and be less active
while ordinary individuals are bored
more often and try to fill out their
schedule still you should know better
than to justify your laziness with high
intelligence
[Music]
seven you have a cat some studies at
Carroll University in Waukesha show that
people who prefer cats are calmer more
sensitive and have a higher IQ while dog
lovers are more active open to others
and are used to obeying the rules each
choice has its benefits but one staying
remains unchanged a furry buddy brings
lots of love into your home and that's
much more important than any test eight
you sleep little well not exactly little
intelligent people tend to stay up late
which results more often than not in
them sleeping little they have to wake
up early in the morning to go to work or
school so if you know you're a night owl
and can't change anything about it relax
you're probably just smart here's our
bonus that might help you feel much
better about yourself overthinking
worriers are probably creative geniuses
the image of a tortured artist plagued
by their thoughts trapped in a cycle of
self-doubt and anguish before ultimately
creating a masterpiece is a stereotype
[Music]
recent research suggests that the link
between creative genius and anxiety is
closer than you might think
[Music]
we all have things that worry us
sometimes but some of us fret over and
wallow and our concerns more than most
if you're the type of person who
regularly overthinks a problem or if you
often experience anxiety related
behavior the good news is that you
probably possess a high capacity for
creativity
researchers at King's College London
found that warriors had a higher level
of activity in the part of the brain
that controls our perception of threat
meaning that they jumped into panic mode
quicker than most the warriors also had
exceptionally active imaginations which
only exacerbates these feelings of
threat in essence overactive
imaginations and worrying behaviors are
not only inextricably linked but also
fuel each other in a never-ending
creative cycle of torment and ingenuity
where would the world be without
warriors when you think about it it
makes perfect sense of course one cannot
find a solution without first examining
the problem at length the very process
of putting ourselves inside an issue is
necessary to give that lightning bolt
moment a chance to strike without people
worrying about how to get around more
quickly the wheel might never have been
invented if Alexander Fleming had not
worried about bacterial infections we
might still be living in a world without
antibiotics
[Music]
or it not for concerns about unplanned
pregnancies the contraceptive pill might
still be a twinkle in its inventors eye
more importantly where would the world
be without art sure we have a lot to
thank over warriors for in terms of
inventions and scientific progress
however we also have their vivid
imaginations to thank for a society rich
in the cultural delights of poetry music
[Music]
art and theater
that we're charged human experience
would be a 401 so older thinkers take
heart next time you are in the full
throes of worrying about something
remember that it also has its creative
benefits and who knows one day you're
worrying could change the world do any
of these points sound familiar to you
share your thoughts in the comments
[Music]
don't forget to hit the like button
below and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
you